docs(cli): update cli guides with contexts (#462)
redhat-developer/app-services-guides: docs/kafka/rhoas-cli-getting-started-kafka/README.adoc

$ rhoas kafka create --name my-kafka
----

> CLI uses service contexts to group service instances against which commands are executed.

Author: @wtrocki 
Updated the Kafka guide, do you think this suffices for referencing `contexts` in rest of the guide, we can add link to context-getting-started-doc once it is ready.

Reviewer: To make sure I understand. Plan is to create mini guide for context specifically and reference it in both kafka and services registry. If that is the plan then +100 :D

Author: Yes. There is going to be a guide for context solely.

. If necessary, you can edit or delete the topic by using the `rhoas kafka topic update` and `rhoas kafka topic delete` commands.

[id="proc-genearting-kafka-configs-cli_{context}"]

> == Generating configurations for Kafka instance

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Generating configurations for a Kafka instance
```

[role="_abstract"]

> After creating a Kafka instance, you can generate configurations to connect to the Kafka instance from your applications.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After creating a Kafka instance, you can generate a configuration file that your applications can use to connect to your Kafka instance.
```

.Prerequisites

* You've created a Kafka instance, and it has a `ready` status.
* The Kafka instance is set in the current context.

> * User and org have quota for creating service accounts

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Your user account and org have quota for creating service accounts.
```

.Procedure

> . Generate configurations for the current service context

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Generate a configuration file for the current service context.
```

+
--

> This example generates a JSON file with configurations for the Kafka instance

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example generates a JSON file with configurations for the Kafka instance you created.
```

> [source,shell]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Generating a configuration file
[source,shell]
```

. If necessary, you can edit or delete the topic by using the `rhoas kafka topic update` and `rhoas kafka topic delete` commands.

[id="proc-genearting-kafka-configs-cli_{context}"]
== Generating configurations for Kafka instance

[role="_abstract"]
After creating a Kafka instance, you can generate configurations to connect to the Kafka instance from your applications.

.Prerequisites

* You've created a Kafka instance, and it has a `ready` status.
* The Kafka instance is set in the current context.
* User and org have quota for creating service accounts

.Procedure

. Generate configurations for the current service context
+
--
This example generates a JSON file with configurations for the Kafka instance

[source,shell]
----
$ rhoas generate-config --type json
----
--

> . Configurations can be generated for specified service context using the name flag
> +
> --
> This example generates configurations for a context not set as current
> 
> [source,shell]
> ----
> $ rhoas generate-config --name my-context --type json
> ----
> 
> --

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
